README.md, before:

# LP2 Project 3

## Blue Light

### Authors

**Pedro Inácio**    - a21802050 [PmaiWoW](https://github.com/PmaiWoW)

**Catarina Matias** - a21801693 [StarryNight00](https://github.com/StarryNight00)

**Afonso Rosa**     - a21801515 (Not in the class)

### Tasks of each group member

**Pedro Inácio** (NPC, dialogue classes, karma and UI, level design)

Main creator of the dialogue system. Was responsible for its incorporation and UI, and participated in the level design. Such related classes created are `NPC`, any `Dialogue` class, ... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

**Catarina Matias** (TicketTimer, Camera & Player Movement, in-Engine Animations, player-UI canvas, level design)

Responsible for the `TicketTimer` and `Player` classes. Was responsible for the incorporation of the code given in DJD classes in this project and it's adaptation to the current project. Regular tasks included level design and code updating, along with code support to the team and fixes.

Work especially focussed on the "visual" component, such as creation of assets, like the crosshair and its associated code, and the visual language used throughout in the 3D models and materials.

### Project's Git Repository

<???>

### Describing Solution approach

The Blue Light Project is a project that started at the DJD classes, with the idea of creating a walking simulator with 'conflict' in mind. Our project focusses on the thought conflict in a society, opposing two extremes of reality.

When transposing these concepts to Unity, a priority was the dialogue system - developed by Pedro - as it allowed for the player to experience our idea and be introduced more and more to an imperfect and extreme world. Meanwhile, Catarina and Afonso focused on the script and level design to incorporate the dialogue on.

As for the visual component, Catarina was focussed more here, making the visual assets and the User Interface, on the `Canvas` class.

Afonso focussed on the level design and programmed the `Menu` classes, along with their scenes. When pressing `ESC`, the player can exit to either the Start Menu and restart the game, or leave for the Desktop.

During the game, as the player moves through the room, they have to talk to the others and collect items. The other members will introduce the ideologies to them, or put the Player on a path to find a secret ending and escape the interview.

We did not start this project with a specific pattern in mind. We can say we used the patterns that exist naturally within the Unity code, such has the `Update Pattern`. However, no specific pattern was used consciously.

### UML Diagram

The following class diagram represents associations between classes. The are more Dependency arrows but to make the diagram readable only the most important arrows are available.

![UML Diagram](??)

## References

The following references where used during this project.

**[1]** Class Power-points.

**[2]** Our classmate Leandro Brás helped with some concept and basic logic for the dialog system.

**[3]** Desenvolvimento de Jogos Digitais classes. The code developed in these classes was used as a stepping stone for most of the code that was common to the ideas presented.

**[4]** Unity and Microsoft's C# APIs.

Commit message:

Continue README.md redaction and add UML_Diagram.png

README.md, after:

# LP2 Project 3

## Blue Light

### Authors

#### Pedro Inácio - a21802050 [PmaiWoW](https://github.com/PmaiWoW)

#### Catarina Matias - a21801693 [StarryNight00](https://github.com/StarryNight00)

#### Afonso Rosa - a21801515 (Not enrolled in this class)

### Tasks of each group member

#### Pedro Inácio 

##### NPC, dialogue classes, karma and UI, level design, general quality checking, XML commenting, Doxygen generation, UML creation and README redaction;

Main creator of the dialogue and karma systems and responsible for their
incorporation and UI throughout the project. Participated in level design.
Creator and/or main contributor to the `Dialogue`, `NPC`, `DialogueManager`,
`Karma` and enum `Faction`. Responsible for quality checking all of the code
made and attempting to improve it where and when possible.

Responsible for all of the XML commenting, generation of Doxygen documentation
and UML creation, working in tandom with Catarina Matias to write the `README.md` file.

#### Catarina Matias

##### TicketTimer, Camera & Player Movement, in-Engine Animations, player-UI canvas, level design;

Responsible for the `TicketTimer` and `Player` classes. Was responsible for the incorporation of the code given in DJD classes in this project and it's adaptation to the current project. Regular tasks included level design and code updating, along with code support to the team and fixes.

Work especially focussed on the "visual" component, such as creation of assets, like the crosshair and its associated code, and the visual language used throughout in the 3D models and materials.

### Project's Git Repository

<???>

### Describing Solution approach

The Blue Light Project is a project that started at the DJD classes, with the idea of creating a walking simulator with 'conflict' in mind. Our project focusses on the thought conflict in a society, opposing two extremes of reality.

When transposing these concepts to Unity, a priority was the dialogue system - developed by Pedro - as it allowed for the player to experience our idea and be introduced more and more to an imperfect and extreme world. Meanwhile, Catarina and Afonso focused on the script and level design to incorporate the dialogue on.

As for the visual component, Catarina was focussed more here, making the visual assets and the User Interface, on the `Canvas` class.

Afonso focussed on the level design and programmed the `Menu` classes, along with their scenes. When pressing `ESC`, the player can exit to either the Start Menu and restart the game, or leave for the Desktop.

During the game, as the player moves through the room, they have to talk to the others and collect items. The other members will introduce the ideologies to them, or put the Player on a path to find a secret ending and escape the interview.

We did not start this project with a specific pattern in mind. We can say we used the patterns that exist naturally within the Unity code, such has the `Update Pattern`. However, no specific pattern was used consciously.

### UML Diagram

The following class diagram represents associations between classes. The are more Dependency arrows but to make the diagram readable only the most important arrows are available.

![UML_Diagram](UML_Diagram.png)

## References

The following references where used during this project.

**[1]** Class Power-points.

**[2]** Our classmate Leandro Brás helped with some concept and basic logic for the dialog system.

**[3]** Desenvolvimento de Jogos Digitais classes. The code developed in these classes was used as a stepping stone for most of the code that was common to the ideas presented.

**[4]** Unity and Microsoft's C# APIs.
